maga-introduction-to-finantial-communism.md, before:

## MAGA INTRODUCTION TO FINANTIAL COMMUNISM

This text is written entirely by human and it is an introduction to this article published on LinkedIn 

* todo-link

which generates this paper published on the github/roban74

* todo-link

Also this text will be included in a future and brader analisys of the "Finantial Communism" conseguences.

### Copyright

&copy; 2024, **Roberto A. Foglietta** \<roberto.foglietta<span>@</span>gmail.com\>

This document is entirely published under *Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial No-Derivatives 4.0 International* license terms ([CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)) included the part above this statement. Moreover, if a version of this document exists or has existed under different licence terms, the licence terms of the latest version available on `github/robang74` [repository](https://github.com/robang74/chatgpt-answered-prompts/) apply. Even when the new licence terms are more restrictive, because permissions for any free content may be revoked at any time at the will of the author, and updating a licence to be more restrictive explicitly implies this will.

---

### Introduction

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you are interested in the topic but not being introduced to it.*

There is a HUGE difference between those who print money from thin air (paper money) and those who earn money from their work (real money like silver dollars).

The day we have been convinced to trade our silver dollars in exchange for a banknote, we got into the path to reach the point for which the banknote are not anymore convertible back (in silver or gold at the end of Bretton Woods system) then not anymore convertible in anything else valuable (like oil at the end of Saudi Arabia oil for USD agreement) at a fixed price (or at any agreed ratio exchange).

Obviously, we can use USD for buying food at the grocery store or oil from Arabs or gold from jewelries but while we were busy at work earning those banknotes, they printed a lot more of new banknotes from thin air. The banknotes that we got as payment for our work are just a small fraction of those printed.

This explain why the price of gold in USD is increasing as well as the stuff at the grocery stores - lnkd.in/dDk-isCv - despite the mining of gold is constantly increasing lnkd.in/dbe4wYnM - and thus its rarity decreasing.

---

### Historical perspective

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you are interested in the topic but not being educated about it.*

Up to this point, printing money by thin air - paper money - can seen as a fraud or a governative scam, only. Nothing new and not so terrible, anyway. For comparison, we can give a look back to our history.

Something which is not so bad, because along with Western history we were used to living with it. Thieves in charge of the State or public power, I mean. Thieves in the Temples were common much time before Jesus Christ kicked them out. The day in which their arrogance overcame their arrogance overcame even His patience, but they had their fierce revenge when Pilato asked the crowd about saving Jesus or Barabba. Also criminals are self-organizing in public or private form, in the aim of over-ruling the others. Nothing really new.

On the other side, this mechanisms can be seen in a positive way, also. It can be seen as a direct way of collecting taxes. For every of transaction a fraction of its value is created in the US federal govt bank account, like a magic that brings defense, law and order, NHS, public transportation, free-of-charge schooling, etc.

Let's say 10%. Like it was used among Ancient Romans. It was 50% during the Dark Ages but in such "mezzadria" was also included the rent for the field to cultivate, the house and everything else on the "glebae" needed for serving it, "glebae servus", in fact. While during the Renaissance it was between 2% and 4% because every attempt to rise over the top of that range  generated popular uprisings.

Pay extreme attention here, in particular, and notice that "mezzadria" was a production tax equivalent to our incoming taxation. While "decima" among Romans and the 2%-4% rate during the Renaissance period, were patrimonial taxation.

In fact, while the lord of "glebae servus" was able to establish how much people living and working on his lands were producing, Romans and Renaissance lords did not care about labour production or they were not able to account for it. So, they came in arms and took a fraction of the value of all our belongings or our lives, just in case we were resisting too much.

Hence, pass to the posterity the old says by St. Augustine (5th century a.C.), who states that 

kingdoms without justice are mere robberies, and robberies are like small kingdoms, but large Empires are piracy writ large.

Hence creating more than 2%-4% of thin air money in the govt bank accout by a sort of magic for each transaction would be enough to run a civilized state and with 10% a great empire like Romans ruled for centuries.

At least, before late Jesus followers - those spared being eaten by the ferocious beasts of the circus - did convinced "patrizi" the Romans in charge of the State - usually public servants like we are used to call them, nowadays - to care more about their souls' sins rather than be practical men in ruling power and administrate fair justice.

Let me be clear about "patrizi" habits (or sins): orgies feasts were a common among them as much homosexuality, promiscuous marriage, incestuous sexual intercourse, cross-dressing, all-naked saunas and baths, drinking wine with honey, plus whatever other activities highly educated and civilized humans wishing to enjoy when they are totally free to do so.

About two centuries after having accepted not to deal with Jesus' followers like mad-dogs good only to be the lion's food in the circus, they started to impose Christianity as the only true Roman Empire word of God and almost all the rest of the world decided to move in arms toward Rome and cut their freak heads.

Nowadays, we discovered that among many joyful habits, "patrizi" were used to dissolve lead into red wine to make it more blood-like in its color. Doing so, they were poisoning their bodies and their minds, in particular. Hence, for the time barbarians were knocking at the Rome doors with their clubs, they were incapable of defending themselves, also. 

Good bye, great empire!

Because the God forgives sinners but not the idiots. These ones cannot be saved even by His merciful love for the human beings. Because natural selection is needed by human beings, until and as long as they are made of matter which cannot be perfect or even near the perfection. Natural selection is nothing else than negative feed-back in the system controlling theory.

Order is order and it has its own laws.

---

### American imperialism

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you don't give a sh*t about the rest of the world or you just know.*

While US grocery stores are enforced by law to accept USD banknotes or credit cards, Arabs are not enforced by US law in favour of the FED paper money as legal tender.

Arabs, like every other person on this planet, can refuse to exchange their goods for USD. Unless they get bombed in their heads and children's heads until they change that idea. Still, without an agreement, the oil price is made by "the market" and the market knows. Hence the price rises, unless constantly bombing someone to lower the price and the rest of the world demand.

As you can imagine, for enforcing the USD acceptance and granting it as a highly valuable currency, the USA should keep running an immensely large and powerful war machine that can strike in every part of the globe, at every time they will. Under this menace, the USD has been accepted for being the ONLY international commercial transaction way of payment and therefore the currency for the global financial reserve fund.

This role is quite unique in the history of the Western civilisation, for something else apart from gold, obviously. Before the USD, the universal currency was the gold and everything else including the silver or copper or everything else valuable would have been rated in gold, in one way or another. Which is the reason behind the gold standard which initially the USD got into.

Initially because otherwise nobody around the world would have accepted it as their favorite currency, whatever the amount of bombs would have fallen on their heads and their children's heads. In fact, after WW2 the US war machine did not win any war. Apart in Iraq, and it is quite amusing to know why it remains a unique win among eight decades of defeates.

Saddam Hussain took control of Iraq thanks to the support from the US. After a few decades of being in power it was considered a danger. Sheeps love the pastor that took care of them for decades despite s/he is good or less than good. In literature this is called "Stockholm Syndrome", the acceptance and also the love for those who subjugated us.

Because of this the CIA decided to convince him and the people in power nearby him that attacking Kuwait and subduing them to the USA interest was a great opportunity for him. Naturally, he asked the placet for the Kuwait invasion to the US political leadership, in the same fashion recently Stramer the new UK prime minister asked the permission to use the NATO most advanced weapons to attack Russia from Ukraine.

Differently from Steamer, Saddam received their placet, he gave his ok-go and he fell in their trap. As soon as he invaded Kuwait, the war for liberating Kuwait and Iraq by that tyrant was in place. They killed him, and almost all of the people that were in power with him. Just in case, they might have spoken about the whole story with embarrassing details.

The liberation of Iraq and Kuwait was a complete success. In fact, the US army took all the gold reserves and the US oil companies earned control of more than 80% of the production. They were wise enough to leave something behind for buying people applauding that operation as a democracy value exportation. Did you see any democracy overthere? Me neither.

The same with Arabs springs: great hopes, a lot of people involved, a lot of police repression with may deaths, incarcerations and torture to finally reach almost everywhere a Taliban-like teocratic states. Included, Iran which before the holy revolution was a civilised country in which women were enjoying the same freedom than Europe, at least.

All of this came for a very cheap (sarcastically speaking) price. One trillion of US dollars per year, every year on the shoulders of those are US taxpayers "*voluntary*" contributors. Because those who are getting the food stamps are not involved in it, apart from being feeded and provided by legal drugs for keeping them quiet and socially hidden.

Needless to say that a global "*war as business*" policy had many consequences, including a price inflation that peaked at 100x folds ratio for the military-grade stuff. A certified military grade steel bolt or rivet that can be bought at 10 for $1 in the around-the-corner hardware shop, it is arrived to be priced $10 each. The price of the silence, obviously.

Under this point of view, it is irrelevant losing all the wars as long as those who came after the war accepted the US dollar as their unique and true currency. As printed in the $1 banknote: "*in god we trust*" and now you know who is the god - real and unique god - worshipped by the USA govt: the FED bill named US dollar.

---

### Financial communism, the begins

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you think that can understand the today having forgot the yesterdy or you just know.*

Therefore, if you think having discovered a US deep-state plot in conjunction with a FED plot about the "paper money is financial communism" you have reached just half of it, in the optimistic scenario.

Because the same has been done with BCE and Mario Draghi "*whatever it takes*" quantitative easing monetary policy on Euro. Which is the main reason because in this `github/robang74` repository there are some documents about its "*Marshall plan**" for Europe. Two siblings halve between the two sides of the Atlantic ocean, but the same story.

Moreover, these two are just half of all the story and in order to tell the whole story - at least the official part of it which is the publicly known of it - we had to going back to the time in which Russia was leading the Soviet Union (named URSS in Europe) and the Berlin wall was cutting in two halves that city.

At that time Vladimir Putin was working for the KGB in the Russian embassy in Berlin. Which is the main reason because he speaks German fluently. Just to say that what we are seeing nowadays is just the peak of a quite deep iceberg.

The URSS did not fall apart because we won over them. Nor because Mikhail Gorbachev was too soft in dealing with the USA alliance, as Russian people think about him. The URSS fell apart because they were bureaucratic dictatorship communists and their power over the people was relying on the obscurity of their doing.

In the `Control of the Systems Theory` literature, they way of ruling can be seen as a control impaired by a "*limited and opaque feed-back*" where "*limited and opaque*" might also be intended as "*self-referencing*" + "cancel culture". The same attributes of the "*Woke Madness*", right? In fact, they are the same.



**TODO**: complete this document/section.

Commit message:

maga-introduction-to-finantial-communism.md the afghan war

maga-introduction-to-finantial-communism.md, after:

## MAGA INTRODUCTION TO FINANTIAL COMMUNISM

This text is written entirely by human and it is an introduction to this article published on LinkedIn 

* todo-link

which generates this paper published on the github/roban74

* todo-link

Also this text will be included in a future and brader analisys of the "Finantial Communism" conseguences.

### Copyright

&copy; 2024, **Roberto A. Foglietta** \<roberto.foglietta<span>@</span>gmail.com\>

This document is entirely published under *Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial No-Derivatives 4.0 International* license terms ([CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)) included the part above this statement. Moreover, if a version of this document exists or has existed under different licence terms, the licence terms of the latest version available on `github/robang74` [repository](https://github.com/robang74/chatgpt-answered-prompts/) apply. Even when the new licence terms are more restrictive, because permissions for any free content may be revoked at any time at the will of the author, and updating a licence to be more restrictive explicitly implies this will.

---

### Introduction

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you are interested in the topic but not being introduced to it.*

There is a HUGE difference between those who print money from thin air (paper money) and those who earn money from their work (real money like silver dollars).

The day we have been convinced to trade our silver dollars in exchange for a banknote, we got into the path to reach the point for which the banknote are not anymore convertible back (in silver or gold at the end of Bretton Woods system) then not anymore convertible in anything else valuable (like oil at the end of Saudi Arabia oil for USD agreement) at a fixed price (or at any agreed ratio exchange).

Obviously, we can use USD for buying food at the grocery store or oil from Arabs or gold from jewelries but while we were busy at work earning those banknotes, they printed a lot more of new banknotes from thin air. The banknotes that we got as payment for our work are just a small fraction of those printed.

This explain why the price of gold in USD is increasing as well as the stuff at the grocery stores - lnkd.in/dDk-isCv - despite the mining of gold is constantly increasing lnkd.in/dbe4wYnM - and thus its rarity decreasing.

---

### Historical perspective

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you are interested in the topic but not being educated about it.*

Up to this point, printing money by thin air - paper money - can seen as a fraud or a governative scam, only. Nothing new and not so terrible, anyway. For comparison, we can give a look back to our history.

Something which is not so bad, because along with Western history we were used to living with it. Thieves in charge of the State or public power, I mean. Thieves in the Temples were common much time before Jesus Christ kicked them out. The day in which their arrogance overcame their arrogance overcame even His patience, but they had their fierce revenge when Pilato asked the crowd about saving Jesus or Barabba. Also criminals are self-organizing in public or private form, in the aim of over-ruling the others. Nothing really new.

On the other side, this mechanisms can be seen in a positive way, also. It can be seen as a direct way of collecting taxes. For every of transaction a fraction of its value is created in the US federal govt bank account, like a magic that brings defense, law and order, NHS, public transportation, free-of-charge schooling, etc.

Let's say 10%. Like it was used among Ancient Romans. It was 50% during the Dark Ages but in such "mezzadria" was also included the rent for the field to cultivate, the house and everything else on the "glebae" needed for serving it, "glebae servus", in fact. While during the Renaissance it was between 2% and 4% because every attempt to rise over the top of that range  generated popular uprisings.

Pay extreme attention here, in particular, and notice that "mezzadria" was a production tax equivalent to our incoming taxation. While "decima" among Romans and the 2%-4% rate during the Renaissance period, were patrimonial taxation.

In fact, while the lord of "glebae servus" was able to establish how much people living and working on his lands were producing, Romans and Renaissance lords did not care about labour production or they were not able to account for it. So, they came in arms and took a fraction of the value of all our belongings or our lives, just in case we were resisting too much.

Hence, pass to the posterity the old says by St. Augustine (5th century a.C.), who states that 

kingdoms without justice are mere robberies, and robberies are like small kingdoms, but large Empires are piracy writ large.

Hence creating more than 2%-4% of thin air money in the govt bank accout by a sort of magic for each transaction would be enough to run a civilized state and with 10% a great empire like Romans ruled for centuries.

At least, before late Jesus followers - those spared being eaten by the ferocious beasts of the circus - did convinced "patrizi" the Romans in charge of the State - usually public servants like we are used to call them, nowadays - to care more about their souls' sins rather than be practical men in ruling power and administrate fair justice.

Let me be clear about "patrizi" habits (or sins): orgies feasts were a common among them as much homosexuality, promiscuous marriage, incestuous sexual intercourse, cross-dressing, all-naked saunas and baths, drinking wine with honey, plus whatever other activities highly educated and civilized humans wishing to enjoy when they are totally free to do so.

About two centuries after having accepted not to deal with Jesus' followers like mad-dogs good only to be the lion's food in the circus, they started to impose Christianity as the only true Roman Empire word of God and almost all the rest of the world decided to move in arms toward Rome and cut their freak heads.

Nowadays, we discovered that among many joyful habits, "patrizi" were used to dissolve lead into red wine to make it more blood-like in its color. Doing so, they were poisoning their bodies and their minds, in particular. Hence, for the time barbarians were knocking at the Rome doors with their clubs, they were incapable of defending themselves, also. 

Good bye, great empire!

Because the God forgives sinners but not the idiots. These ones cannot be saved even by His merciful love for the human beings. Because natural selection is needed by human beings, until and as long as they are made of matter which cannot be perfect or even near the perfection. Natural selection is nothing else than negative feed-back in the system controlling theory.

Order is order and it has its own laws.

---

### American imperialism

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you don't give a sh*t about the rest of the world or you just know.*

While US grocery stores are enforced by law to accept USD banknotes or credit cards, Arabs are not enforced by US law in favour of the FED paper money as legal tender.

Arabs, like every other person on this planet, can refuse to exchange their goods for USD. Unless they get bombed in their heads and children's heads until they change that idea. Still, without an agreement, the oil price is made by "the market" and the market knows. Hence the price rises, unless constantly bombing someone to lower the price and the rest of the world demand.

As you can imagine, for enforcing the USD acceptance and granting it as a highly valuable currency, the USA should keep running an immensely large and powerful war machine that can strike in every part of the globe, at every time they will. Under this menace, the USD has been accepted for being the ONLY international commercial transaction way of payment and therefore the currency for the global financial reserve fund.

This role is quite unique in the history of the Western civilisation, for something else apart from gold, obviously. Before the USD, the universal currency was the gold and everything else including the silver or copper or everything else valuable would have been rated in gold, in one way or another. Which is the reason behind the gold standard which initially the USD got into.

Initially because otherwise nobody around the world would have accepted it as their favorite currency, whatever the amount of bombs would have fallen on their heads and their children's heads. In fact, after WW2 the US war machine did not win any war. Apart in Iraq, and it is quite amusing to know why it remains a unique win among eight decades of defeates.

Saddam Hussain took control of Iraq thanks to the support from the US. After a few decades of being in power it was considered a danger. Sheeps love the pastor that took care of them for decades despite s/he is good or less than good. In literature this is called "Stockholm Syndrome", the acceptance and also the love for those who subjugated us.

Because of this the CIA decided to convince him and the people in power nearby him that attacking Kuwait and subduing them to the USA interest was a great opportunity for him. Naturally, he asked the placet for the Kuwait invasion to the US political leadership, in the same fashion recently Stramer the new UK prime minister asked the permission to use the NATO most advanced weapons to attack Russia from Ukraine.

Differently from Steamer, Saddam received their placet, he gave his ok-go and he fell in their trap. As soon as he invaded Kuwait, the war for liberating Kuwait and Iraq by that tyrant was in place. They killed him, and almost all of the people that were in power with him. Just in case, they might have spoken about the whole story with embarrassing details.

The liberation of Iraq and Kuwait was a complete success. In fact, the US army took all the gold reserves and the US oil companies earned control of more than 80% of the production. They were wise enough to leave something behind for buying people applauding that operation as a democracy value exportation. Did you see any democracy overthere? Me neither.

The same with Arabs springs: great hopes, a lot of people involved, a lot of police repression with may deaths, incarcerations and torture to finally reach almost everywhere a Taliban-like teocratic states. Included, Iran which before the holy revolution was a civilised country in which women were enjoying the same freedom than Europe, at least.

All of this came for a very cheap (sarcastically speaking) price. One trillion of US dollars per year, every year on the shoulders of those are US taxpayers "*voluntary*" contributors. Because those who are getting the food stamps are not involved in it, apart from being feeded and provided by legal drugs for keeping them quiet and socially hidden.

Needless to say that a global "*war as business*" policy had many consequences, including a price inflation that peaked at 100x folds ratio for the military-grade stuff. A certified military grade steel bolt or rivet that can be bought at 10 for $1 in the around-the-corner hardware shop, it is arrived to be priced $10 each. The price of the silence, obviously.

Under this point of view, it is irrelevant losing all the wars as long as those who came after the war accepted the US dollar as their unique and true currency. As printed in the $1 banknote: "*in god we trust*" and now you know who is the god - real and unique god - worshipped by the USA govt: the FED bill named US dollar.

---

### Afghanistan the Empires' tomb

Historically speaking the Afghanistan is called the "*Empires' tomb", for a good reason, in fact. However, the story about the wars in Afganistan is quite amusign as well as the Iraq war but with a complete different outcome more similar to the Vietnam war. So, how could a group of goat herders walking in sandals managed to win a war against the most powerful war machine in the world?

Due to the Russia support, you may think and you are not completely wrong about it but in a surprising different fashion. Initially, the USA trained and armed the Afghanistan people to fight against URSS and then later Russia.

Because fostering their independence war was politically embarrassing and somehow dangerous to do in plain front-face at the time of cold war, CIA supported their opium production selling it around the world in the form of heroin. Yes, an international illegal drug trafficking for providing covert war support.

Finally the Afghan people won the war against Russia & Co. but soon they turned against the USA. It was not the first time in the history of American imperialism that it was happening and not also the only one, and it will happen again.

Because of this, Russia started to support them but blandly because they were aware about their head-turning attitude. So, Russia helped them to replace the CIA in the international illegal drug trafficking. Quite easy to understand, better in the hand of the Afghans rather than in the pocket of the CIA.

I am sure you got informed by news about how that war ended. It lasted so long and it was briefed to the top decision makers in such optimistic fashion that to bring US soldiers back to home alive was a defeat on the top of the defeat.

The USA army returned home as quick as midnight to the next morning time was over. Leaving behind all those people who supported them at risk of their lives and families lives. Rather than facing alone and unprotected such horrible destiny, some of them preferred to die frozen trying to fly away tucked in the non-pressurized compartment of takeoff and landing gears. 

Moreover, the US army in their as quick as immediate retire, left behind $7 billions of US weapons, artillery, guns, light and armoured vehicles which have been displayed into a public parade soon after by Afghans winners. Soon after but not immediately after. As soon as the Afghan talibans had finished to torture and murder all the US supporters left behind, and their families as well. Life is a matter of priorities, right? As well as in making a war.

Well, for sake of completeness should be wrote that they did not torture and murdered all of them, some girls and women young enough to be brides were spared to became slaves for the winner soldiers, unless they took their own lives by themselves or killed by their husbands, fathers or brothers before being caught. Which is not so insane as you might think in first place because women under the taleban's theocracy have less rights and fortune than goats.

---

### Financial communism, the begins

(**\*!!\***) *Skip this part, if you think that can understand the today having forgot the yesterdy or you just know.*

Therefore, if you think having discovered a US deep-state plot in conjunction with a FED plot about the "paper money is financial communism" you have reached just half of it, in the optimistic scenario.

Because the same has been done with BCE and Mario Draghi "*whatever it takes*" quantitative easing monetary policy on Euro. Which is the main reason because in this `github/robang74` repository there are some documents about its "*Marshall plan**" for Europe. Two siblings halve between the two sides of the Atlantic ocean, but the same story.

Moreover, these two are just half of all the story and in order to tell the whole story - at least the official part of it which is the publicly known of it - we had to going back to the time in which Russia was leading the Soviet Union (named URSS in Europe) and the Berlin wall was cutting in two halves that city.

At that time Vladimir Putin was working for the KGB in the Russian embassy in Berlin. Which is the main reason because he speaks German fluently. Just to say that what we are seeing nowadays is just the peak of a quite deep iceberg.

The URSS did not fall apart because we won over them. Nor because Mikhail Gorbachev was too soft in dealing with the USA alliance, as Russian people think about him. The URSS fell apart because they were bureaucratic dictatorship communists and their power over the people was relying on the obscurity of their doing.

In the `Control of the Systems Theory` literature, they way of ruling can be seen as a control impaired by a "*limited and opaque feed-back*" where "*limited and opaque*" might also be intended as "*self-referencing*" + "cancel culture". The same attributes of the "*Woke Madness*", right? In fact, they are the same.



**TODO**: complete this document/section.
